UIMA Group 6
Channing Kimble-Brown
Edmund Connor
Brian Michael Cueto
Sidney Jackson
Loccurences
T6A

This is the director for our final submission for Loccurences, our event application and final project for this
class.  Compared to our last submission a week ago, our new implementation is much more robust and properly
working.  Events are populated properly, images are populated, error handling is handled, and our map can populate
events.

What to Know About Our App:
1. Person can log in or register.  Toasts are used when text fields are not filled in properly.  The user can also
sign up as an organizer and put their organization name.  Once registered, Firebase creates and user and also creates
a reference to the user in the database with different fields.  You can see these fields on the "UserProfile" class.
2. Once logged in, you see the event map, which properly populates events based on their latitutde and longitude.
When map is launched, Firebase retrieves the events and creates markers based on each event's location.  We also
used a hashmap to store each marker ID to correspond to the event each marker represents.  When you tap a marker, you
get sent to the event page for that event.  If you are an organizer and click anywhere else on the map, you get sent to
create event.  If you are not an organizer, you cannot do that.
4. The only way to create event is by long clicking on the map, it is not an issue, just our design choice.
3. Discover Baltimore populates events in real time without delay.  Tapping an event will also send user to the event page.
The user can favorite events, which creates a reference in Firebase for the user where the event's ID is stored in a "favorites"
node under the user.  We reference this node to retrieve events when populating the user's event board.
4. The event board shows the events the user favorites.  Once again, tapping an event will send the user to the event page.
5. Manage my events is only visible if you are an organizer, and if you are not, it does not show up on the navigation drawer.
On manage my events, the organizer can click an event and have the option to edit or delete an event.  Edit event will send user to
an edit event activity which will update values in Firebase. Delete event will delete the event.
6. Event page activity shows the different details of the event, with a top and bottom fragment showing different information.  The
top fragment will update through Firebase to have the image stored for that event, if any.
7. The profile activity will populate data from Firebase.

Things that are still an issue to keep note of:
1. On manage events, if you delete an event, any user that has that event favorited will crash when they look at their event board.

If you would like to use an existing user (non-organizer account) you can log as Jane Doe with the email jdoe@jhu.edu and the 
password "password". If you want to register as an existing organizer you can use the account Test Org with email test@org.com
and the password "password". You can also create your own accounts and do whatever you want.
